add a section for openstack (#1522)
openshift/oadp-operator: docs/developer/testing/TESTING.md

### AWS setup

> > **Note:** If you are using IBM Cloud, or OpenStackfollow this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you are using IBM Cloud, or OpenStack follow this section.
```

make test-e2e
```

### OpenStack setup

* no changes needed, just setup s3 storage in aws.

> 

Reviewer 2: Add info here
https://github.com/openshift/oadp-operator/blob/510c2033cbbae5cbd207da04d99490bd42c41466/docs/developer/testing/TESTING.md?plain=1#L11

not in a new section

Author: ok.. added OpenStack in the section you mentioned as well but also kept the openshtack section to make it more obvious.
